I'm about to enter a part of Tokyo that
is hidden from society the one and only
slum called Sonna Tokyo skid R is a
place where tourists never visit this
small neighborhood has been wiped off
Japanese Maps because the government
doesn't want you to know that poverty
exists here insia Outcast loiter with
cheap beer while hostiles advertise
rooms at Rock Bottom rates I want to see
what a slum looks like in one of the
world's richest cities because it's not
all fancy restaurants and high-tech
gadgets I have three goals while filming
in Sonia one to hang out with as many
local residents as I can two to try to
document the living conditions inside
someone's home that's where you sleep
and three to meet up with a member of
the Yakuza the notorious Japanese gang
who run these streets can I see your
finger
oh to do all of this I'm meeting up with
my local friend Kos who will help me
navigate the winding alleys that
separate this slum from the rest of
Tokyo the taxi just dropped us off I
think we're nearby the vibe here is like
a post World War II classic Japan ches
Town away from all the shiny buildings
and neon lights just walking on the
street here there's just trash
everywhere just piles of trash look at
this it already feels different down
here than other parts of Tokyo I haven't
seen a single Foreigner yet in this
whole area and we're in peak season
right now cherry blossom season so
there's foreigners all over Tokyo maybe
I can book your hotel here no please no
please no we can't really find it so
we're just asking
around like on the other side of the
Street yeah somewhere in this direction
we've been
told I it is impossible to find this
place unless you know where you're going
that's because in 1966 the Japanese
government ordered the name Sonia to be
removed from all official records it was
an attempt to camouflage its association
with poverty alcoholism and violence
feels a little different right yeah yeah
yeah different that's normal it's normal
there's a lot of hotels here and when
you look at the prices it's 2,000 Yen a
night which is about $10 anywhere else
in Tokyo you can't find a room for under
like 70 bucks a
night yeah see there's homeless guys
already hi Hi how are
you
American what is a typical day in the
life of people living here not that
Christmas the people living here like
they escape from Yakuza oh yeah yeah
yeah and they were supported by
government are there any Yakuza people
living
here many many there's Yak office really
what are some of the crazier things that
you've seen living
here he saw many people die
here he tried to get suicide oh he took
50 medicine why did you try to commit
suicide uh he get tired over the life is
it dangerous here should go oh long long
time ago really but they they killed
each
other witnessing riots in Sonia are not
common these days but they were an
essential part of the slums history
after the second world war small tent
Villages were set up in this
neighborhood for people who are made
homeless by us bombings as these
Villages turned into cheap hostiles
Sonia became populated with bluecollar
workers in search of jobs and shelter
these are the very men who rebuilt
modern Japan the Tokyo Tower facilities
for the 1964 Olympics as well as as key
roads and highways but now they've been
forgotten and are left alone to survive
on small pensions while drinking beer
and playing board games to pass time I
surprised that there is a slum in Tokyo
ah many trash there after walking around
for a few blocks we stumble upon a park
which we are told is a center of
activity in the slum there's a lot of
elderly men here everyone has a beer in
their hand and they're all just playing
games it's 128 and they're all just
drinking beer are you is this your sleep
sleep
what do he say I don't understand what
how many years are you
here strange guy that guy could
definitely kick him ass he's a big dude
these guys are
nice not so friendly huh
at first you would think they would be
friendly and welcoming but they were
kind of just like f off yeah yeah all
right I have a plan it's a little hard
to like kind of get in with them so
we're going to go buy a lot of beer cuz
they're all drinking beer so I think if
we do that do you think they'll be happy
yeah yeah thankfully in Japan there's
7-Eleven everywhere and you can buy
anything
[Applause]
[Music]
all right we rolling back up to the park
with a bunch of
boo they're happy
now
okay he came from his bed what's what's
your name n n what he doesn't have a
name
oh it's amazing that all we did was
bring beer and now they're really open
and friendly what he wants oh he you
want a woman
yeah I don't I don't have that for you
I'm
sorry come by come by come
by everything changed with the
beered how many years are you living
here he doesn't want the answer okay no
problem no
problem tell me something interesting
about
you here doesn't want to say
really when I look at you I can tell
that you had a very interesting
life he has much dep
that es Escape what from the but he's
not Yakuza not what's the best and the
worst thing about living in Sona nothing
nothing bad what about good
nothing nothing everything
nothing today today the
best you got free beer yeah take another
one t I have to like keep reminding
myself that I'm in Japan right now in
the world's biggest and most futuristic
city of Tokyo you can find this
happening and this happening what is
this doing laundry oh oh yeah laundry
laundry I need to do my laundry should I
come back
here
yeah
who 10 people sleep right here every day
it doesn't look like there's very many
places to sleep in here but I guess that
there
is do you have a
family no
kids can I ask how old you
are 77 wow you look very young face do
you enjoy living
here he can eat everyday like food for
free yeah he's happy do you drink beer
every
day yeah yeah what makes you happy happy
in this world not
nothing nothing they all answer
nothing okay okay
I do you feel dangerous or no I don't
feel comfortable to talk them like I I
don't know like like when they get angry
or they're not angry are they no no he
was a little bit yeah
yeah what are they saying uh they say
like um they try to be kind to us oh
yeah yeah but it's not good way I get
it some people like they you know how to
communicate also you keep asking them
then they're like nothing yeah nothing
nothing they just say nothing yeah
private people yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
do you think they're shy no no no no not
shy but they don't accept the exchanges
they just want to take but they just
don't want give the moment we brought
them beer everybody got so happy yeah
yeah yeah but after after drink after
they drink it no yeah just just just go
go
[Music]
home what's it like to live in this
community so fun oh he's having fun why
it's easy to live here comfortable uh
they like drinking beer together do you
drink beer every day oh
yeah like the community like
you give them the food but what once a
week what kind of
food do people work here or they just
sit and drink beer all
day the government pay them so the rest
of money they use for beer so they sit
here and how much does the government
pay you every month
$400 is it stressful to live in this
part of Tokyo
uh they don't care because they like to
communicate people but now it's getting
less so they like to live here and they
like to communicate are there any women
living here or is only
man no really yeah there are so many
problems happen happening so only man
can live
here do you want a beer
going where are we going he's his house
this lovely old man on a bike we offered
him a beer and then he's like yeah let's
uh I can show you around my little
Community here so he's I guess he's
taking us to his house right
now
oh he's walking fast
yeah hey
go cigarettes in
here what I'm seeing here is crazy it
looks like a messy college dorm room
scraps of food on the counter wet
clothes hanging from the ceiling and
people packed together like sardines
there's not much else to explore in here
and I'm finding out that these people
are not actually his roommates I'm being
led upstairs to see something even more
bizarre here he's sleeping here he's
sleeping here that's where you
sleep wow this entire situation is wild
you have to go to the top of the complex
in these tiny little staircase and this
is where he lives I'm like so shocked to
see this I haven't seen something like
this anywhere in the
world
okay wow how long have you been living
here
50 years in the same spot oh yeah yes
yes really have you ever seen anything
never never never seen never seen like
this where are you originally
from oh we were there yesterday do you
have to pay any rent living
here $300 you have to pay $300
3300 are you working do you have a
job construction like like like this
like this oh he's making stuff does does
somebody live right here in this door
door ah no no nobody what's in here
somebody live there but they they passed
away so how do you use the
bathroom there's on on nearby so every
time he wants to shower he needs to pay
like $2 yeah like $2 do you have a plan
to leave or do you want do you think
you'll stay here
forever it's okay it's it's comfortable
to leave here for him do you have a
family H single single you don't have
any no kids
no no kids no kids no kids would you say
that you're happy or sad right
now no happiness no sad just just get
used it this feeling you lived in Tokyo
for a long time what are your thoughts
about this situation I never seen kind
of this place never talk with kind of
people so I just got shocked yeah what
does a day in your life look like from
morning to
evening H taking a walk and he play with
like kind of you know the board game and
drinking beer yeah and go to stand and
come back we
have hey what do you do about
food volunteer groups give him the food
for free there's so many things like
here like scissors and clothes and
Chopsticks and has anybody ever visited
your home before never never so how do
you feel that we're
here it's kind of like welcome
welcome w
that's oh that was crazy bro yeah yeah
yeah I'm shocked by the contrast between
Tokyo and this slum though I believe
it's important to highlight the Dignity
of those often overlooked but now it's
time to take things a step further
behind the scenes I've been reaching out
to all my Japanese contacts hoping to
connect with a real Yakuza after many
failed attempts and potential scams I
finally got in touch with one guy who
will open up to my camera but he lives
in the southern part of the country Kos
and I are catching a last flight right
now to meet him and learn about the wild
world of Japan's most dangerous
gang all right we just arrived on the
outskirts of Fukuoka to meet up with a
real life Yakuza it's a little spooky
that we're meeting him at night he
prefers to meet in the evening so we've
showed up at a random parking lot and
just waiting for him to arrive are you
nervous
yeah that's why my mind is
think the gangster's name is yuyama and
before I start filming he makes me agree
to keep things low-key so we don't draw
unnecessary attention all I know at this
moment is that he grew up with the wrong
crowd in Fukuoka fighting and getting
into trouble with cops from a young age
when you were young did you know that
you wanted to become a
Yakuza he hated yaka when he was kid he
had some problem his heart his back so
he he needs money he went to like job
hunting that job wasak job can I see
your finger
[Laughter]
he said he must to try to cut and I said
no yubitsume is a strict practice that
represents loyalty when a Yakuza member
fails their Duty they may be required to
cut off a portion of their own finger to
make up for their mistake this ritual
days back centuries and it's a form of
psychological manipulation did you cut
it off yourself or someone did it for
you he cut himself yeah he didn't feel
pain and now he's proud of that now that
we're friends we're heading downtown to
link up with you young 's buddy another
gang member pretty crazy man we're just
following him now in his sketchy car
look at his license plate what the is
that what is
that the city's pretty Lively like
there's a lot going on in this downtown
area it's actually crazy if you look at
the map Fukuoka is the closest Big City
to Busan in South Korea we're just right
across the sea bro this City's cool man
yeah you've been here a lot right yes a
lot my father's your father's from here
all right we found our boys we are
rolling around
Fukuoka you know what's crazy is that
when we walk on the streets nobody knows
that these are
Yakuza in the US like gangs they're
heavily involved in drugs do Yakuza
people do
drugs yeah most most like do drugs what
are the most common drugs that they
take like
heroine they do business also they sell
heroins if somebody wants to become a
Yakuza what do they have to
do they joined the B of group like young
people were like bad the Yakuza people
see their life they could join what he's
saying is that you have to walk the
lifestyle to be admitted into the gang
Boku for example is a rebellious biker
gang associated with Japanese youth many
kids start out in the subculture before
evolving into Yakuza members once you
become a Yakuza if you want to leave how
can you leave or do you do you just say
like okay I'm done or do you have to
like do something serious to
leave they like give a lot of money or
they cut their finger or the crew hit
hit a guy or something so there are many
ways of quit how do you get like a
higher ranking like to go up to like the
boss so like one is the people who do
business well and the young people go to
prison instead of him got it yeah do
people have guns
here yeah hide hide they hide did you
did you have
one ah no he he quits so he doesn't have
gun before before he has yeah do you
miss it do you feel like you want to go
back it was really fun they miss
sometimes but they don't want to go back
because they don't have any benefits why
are you so open to sharing this
information most yakas they want to
cover their face why is it okay for you
they they have no regets and they have
proud of become Yak so that's why they
don't need to hide so that's why they
want to share
[Laughter]
[Music]
also these guys have been super cool
down to earth and it's just surreal to
walk around these like clean beautiful
streets of Fukuoka and here about their
crazy stories of chopping off fingers
and breaking bones and killing people
it's absolutely bizarre have you seen
any Yakuza people walking you did that
guy really do you give him like a wink
like that's so crazy it's like an
undercover Society in my opinion Japan
is the most respectful culture in the
world so why do Yakuza like steal and
kill people like why in
Japan people with reason if they afraid
the enemy killed their friends or their
family they have to kill first to
destroy their company or like they
protect their families their friends
what does the future look like for the
Yakuza like is it growing or is it
shrinking Yakuza never gone because like
if the Yakuza leave the Chinese Mafia is
coming and they like the the balance
like Chinese Mafia don't come because
there Japanese Mafia you know the yak
for me it's like movie I only know them
in the movie so I'm really interested to
hear their experience although they are
portrayed in movies as stylish Mobsters
that's only one part of the real story
beyond their criminal activities the
Yakuza sometimes provide order where the
government falls short their involvement
in relief efforts during natural
disasters such as earthquakes and
tsunamis have earned them reluctant
respect from the public but their
methods have led to widespread fear
because they often involve threats and
violence today government crackdowns
isolate the Yakuza from mainstream
society which explains why our friends
are so hesitant to speak openly heading
into restaurant here everything about
Japan is cool like the moment you walk
into a restaurant you just feel happy
hello hello hello hello how are you it's
risky to talk about the Yakuza in public
so we choose the room upstairs to keep
our voices down they keep looking around
to see who's watching because they don't
want to reveal anything that could get
them in trouble when I think of the word
Yakuza I think of it being really
dangerous people killing each other guns
is it really that dangerous yeah it's
true it's true after he joined the
Yakuza like 3 months later
his boss was killed what's the scariest
like story that you could tell
me his boss was really crazy and his
boss told him to break a girl like he
thought he doesn't want to do but his
boss was crazy and he has to follow do
you feel bad about it now
right did you go to
college no he never graduate high school
too really in general how does money
work do you have jobs in Yakuza how do
people make
money sex industry and also the yak
people like lend money and they take
more yeah take
more if they poor they P together if
they reach they reach together they
always care about the their Crews and if
their business goes well many beautiful
woman comes and they work hard because
they got a lot of money how long would
were you a Yakuza for years old what was
the best and the worst part about being
a
Yakuza the the Yakuza fights it's like
conflict the people have to kill
somebody yeah yeah so that was the best
part he said yeah when he won he felt
happy and it was best moment what's the
worst
[Music]
moment police
him how many times have you been in
prison
he was in the prison only
once when he was like younger like high
school he also was CED and he he was in
prison like in total 10 years what what
what did you get caught
[Music]
for he he hit his like the stuff uh yeah
with the hmer on the head but he didn't
die oh
that's awesome is that a requirement
like in order to be a KU you have to
have
tattoos it depends on the yaka like if
the yaka Community has much money they
can pay for them to make tattoo but if
they don't have much money they don't
tattoos in Japan are historically
associated with criminal organizations
like the Yakuza members decorate their
bodies in elaborate tattoos as a symbol
of status and because of this tattoos
are very Bo in Japan while attitudes
towards body art are changing you won't
see a lot of them while walking the
streets all right belly's full and we
are following the Yakuza to some NTI
spots here my first time in the city so
I'm pumped don't
gabana I cannot believe their stories
and it's really interesting to it's
crazy bro yeah it's really crazy it's
really crazy but I'm still scared of
that over them because my stereotypes of
yaka is really dangerous and easy to get
mad and get angry and fight and vient
and me don't piss him off yeah yes
yes yes so that's why I'm really take
care of my speaking Japanese to them I
need to use respect
way I hope we don't
die our friends lead us to an
underground bar in Fukuoka it is no
accident that the Yakuza hang out and
hole in- the wall spots like this one
here in hushed conversations deals are
made and alliances are forged it's cold
outside man man hot
[Laughter]
towels cheers
yeahoo
that's
strong what do you think about his
life his life is really complicated so
there's nothing to say about him do you
support his decisions to join your
no she just say like it's complicated
but it's it's okay because his life yeah
do the accusers like run all the bars in
Tokyo like they run the nlife areas
right
yeah yeah yeah there are lot of bars
what happens if a tourist like me goes
into a bar and makes a problem with your
what what happened like they will kill
me if like you you were drunk and you
you know they show something they they
trying to stop you but if like they like
have some money in trouble they ask
you're L and they just talk so no kill
they don't kill you yeah they don't kill
you yeah
he Li
it it someone's getting wasted over
here if you could say one message to
everybody in the world what would you
tell
them it's it's not easy to change your
life but you can do
it be happy everyone and don't never
give up what a wild 24 hours it's been
in Japan from exploring Tokyo's only
slum and meeting its residents who have
seemingly been forgotten about to
uncovering the secretive world of Yakuza
life and learning about their staggering
influence on Japanese Society I've now
experienced a darker side of this
country that is hard to believe is true
listen I know all you guys out there
have an obsession with Japan like I do
and even after 11 trips here I know that
I'll always be coming back to discover
eat and hang out but if there's one
takeaway from watching this video let it
be that even in the Land of the Rising
Sun Shadows Run Deep
what
[Music]